[deleted]





Slack has always been overglorified IRC. Makes sense to be one of the products a software company offers, but the entire company to be based on that one product is silly.





This is why I’m bearish on Slack. If Google can ever figure out to rip it off wholesale the same way Microsoft did with Teams, and then offer it for free to G-Suite companies, many of Slack’s users will jump ship. 

The counter point to this would be that Google is famously bad at developing chat apps, so we’ll see what happens.





Slack waited until Microsoft had a working competitor integrated into its Office 365 suite to go public. Big organizations can either use Office for $X per year, or use Slack AND Office for approximately double. And they didn't go public because they needed more capital to execute their strategy, they just did so so give their seed investors and employees some liquidity.

I don't see how they survive on their own, honestly. Google won't want them, since they have hangouts. But maybe (shudder) a player like Oracle would take them. It might seem wierd, but as much as devs hate them, they also use their product, like Virtualbox, MySQL (still! even though MariaDB came out), and so forth.

Who knows...





Thing is, Slack does not have as a pronounced network effect vs. other sort of apps. If my boss makes me use Groupme or teams or whatever I'll just use that. I don't really have a choice and I dont really care. If MS team can integrate it into their office suite, they're just going to straight up beat everyone else in the corporate space.





we use both slack and teams and slack offers zero advantage over teams.





I've used both and prefer Slack over Teams. Teams' UI/UX is clunky; it feels like the interface was made by Google or Facebook. I expect better from Microsoft.





Yeah, but it’s shit.





I last tried to use Teams a little bit more than a year ago. I felt like it was years behind Slack and not even as good as Riot or Mattermost, the two top open source competitors in the space. I've used both and prefer the latter.

Tbh, Discord is stonking great. I admin a 2,000+ person Slack. If we started again from scratch, it'd be on Discord. Now, we are too locked in because of the network effect of Slack: use it for work and it's really easy to use it for social and work-tangential stuff at the same time and still look like you're doing work.





Such silly metrics. This is Skype users. All business Skype is now being accounted as teams. I sell this stuff, Microsoft is so good at messing with metrics to hide really what's happening.





Holdin' my Slack stock bag now.





Im a developer and have used both tools. A brief review of each:

MSFT Teams - No one really likes this. Everyone I have worked with and talked to about it was very happy to get off of it. Its generally used, I suspect, because it comes bundled with the Office suite almost all companies buy. It doesn't work all that well so they lose customers within a few years. From a technical standpoint, the software is NOT good. It used \~3GB of ram last time I ran it (about 2.5 years ago) when its running which is absolutely not necessary. 

Slack - Pretty much everyone really likes this and when they aren't on it, makes noises about switching to it. It is set up to allow for easy integrations, has a clean and simple UI, handles sending code snippets better than any other chat tool I've used and has the all important giphy bot which makes conversations a lot more fun. It is also much lighter on your system than Teams.

So knowing the tools and being in the target demographic for them, I don't think Slack is in much danger long-term and would happily invest in them, given a good price point.





Any love for Mattermost?





That is all well and good. I use Teams at work and Slack for my own personal use. Must say, Teams is the pits. I do not like it one single bit. I do not care what the heck else they integrate with it. It is terrible software.





I fucking love Microsoft.

At some point they realized they were no longer interested in competing with Apple and saw an unmet need in Office and the Cloud. 

Steve Balmer got a lot of shit for being a giant asshole but he's done great things. 

Nadella is a great CEO as well.  MSFT has really thrived by serving businesses rather than consumers.





From a security/IT admin point of view it’s a lot easier just to integrate Microsoft into everything as opposed to having multiple providers..Not saying the product is any better - just for the IT staff it’s a lot less of a headache.





For a long time, Microsoft was a dysfunctional company, falling behind competitors in several areas.

But now, they have successfully branched out into the cloud with Azure and other platforms. They have eroded EMC’s market share with Hyper-V and other offerings, and now this. 

As an IT professional, I adit that I don’t particularly like their products, save for their front-office applications and databases, but I can’t deny their ability to dominate.

MS stock is one you hold for life basically





Yeah because it's forced onto people who would rather have Slack but corporate only wants to pay Microsoft

Teams sucks





Teams is utter garbage. People only use it because it is part of the Office suite. Many of these companies probably would not have shelled out for Slack regardless.





Kind of expected.





Also, I have an impossible time trying to remove teams from my work computer. I uninstall and it magically reinstalls. Btw it’s my company not like a random corporate computer





Same. We are all migrating to teams. My employees love it. The functionality is only getting better and we utilize the chat rooms daily. I went from my employees having multiple little chats(Skype) to visibility in a single convo. It’s great for transparency and you can email the rooms or join via links. All about it! 

Shifts and the project like functions are working great too!





I have not seen anyone mention the fact that Teams lets you download chat logs without paying extra, but Slack charges  tons of money for it. We switched from Slack to Teams for that reason. Everyone was afraid Teams would be terrible but it's not bad at all. It's slightly harder to send gifs but that's about the only downside.





As an engineer who has worked with both, Teams is the better deal and Slack is the better product. 

My gut is that a larger-than-normal % of that 13 million actively wishes they were using Slack instead but the companies they work for went with the better deal because office suite doesn’t realize what a difference it makes (I know from experience). Doesn’t make a diff to these companies’ bottom lines but food for thought.





If you can use Teams as part of the Office sub you already pay for, why pay extra for Slack?





I feel like, anecdotally, this is simply the legions of users migrating off the *terrible* Skype For Business. Microsoft shops staying Microsoft shops doesn't strike me as sensational.





We moved from Slack to Teams and it just integrates into so many parts of our business better. Microsoft has been doing some great stuff lately and really hitting user experience out of the park.





Takeover target.





My company is trying to switch us to teams because it’s no extra cost on their office license. Makes sense they are getting more users faster





So besides electronic dogleashing and recording everything you have said, why is the utility of Teams for an organization ?





Always "fun" trying to explain to new users howto reply correctly to a thread in teams instead of making new topics. Not the best UI and hasn't progressed in a year. Slack was simpler for people at my workplace.
But both have their advantages/disadvantages I guess.





I don’t know, we’re at like $9 per user right now. Looking to reduce Microsoft down to email and office to justify the more platform agnostic alternatives. It’s a tough sell for sure. You can’t sustain both and you have to make a decision on the future of your environment.





Slack was great up until early 2017 when Microsoft Teams took off.





Our company is moving to teams due to office 365. It’s just a cheaper option. I hate it so far.





This is surprising that they're releasing these numbers so late. They'll double the DAUs in the next 6 months easily. They have a total O365 base of 75-100 million.





Slack is way better than Teams. MS is practically forcing Teams adoption by bundling it with Office365.





I learned this yesterday.





Teams is cheaper than Slack.





It's only because Skype for Business is terrible and in KTLO.





I can't believe I haven't seen comments about Slack's memory issues when trying to use multiple workspaces at the same time.





it's a shame since teams fucking sucks compared to slack.  This is literally microsoft mostly heavily undercutting the price





Our company has both. They’ve run out of slack licenses so they’re trying to get people to use Teams. 

I think one group uses it cause they can’t get licenses. Everyone else is on Slack.





I'm an Apple fan myself... Trying to switch back to Windows after spending time on a Mac is like slamming your head against the wall repeatedly... the pain goes away after a little while due to the numbness, but it's still there...





Microsoft teams sucks and I'm so glad I don't have to touch that garbage for awhile.





This always happens. Startups rarely succeed. Multinationals copy their ideas and use marketing/market share to dominate new product areas.

This sub (and most other subs on Reddit) deny this trend and root for the underdog, because the reality of the situation is dispiriting.





Slack is the silliest investment ever. Literally hundreds of competitors and so easily replicable.





Microsoft was going to buy out Slack until Bill Gates warned them to improve their own product instead. He was totally right.





I used it before for work and it just seems like a fancy chat room, kinda reminded me of my old AOL chat rooms days .





Microsoft dominates market share because they are Microsoft not because they make good products. I am not saying slack is better or worse, just saying.





I mean free vs not free. You decide





As a person who does not follow any news on communication platforms, where do they go from here? Cloud based communication tools? What separates them from Zoom, Skype, Teams, Etc..?





Teams logs me out randomly like 3 times a week...





as a wechat user I still don't get what functionality I should pay for when looking at slack or teams.





Love Teams. But I've never tried slack





